[Music]
to set up zixi you start by giving your
stream a name this can be anything that
helps you identify the stream next
decide if this will be a shared Source
meaning it's accessible to everyone or a
private one for your use only now unlike
rtmp or SRT where you provide a URL and
push the signal to us zixi works the
other way around it's a pull-based
protocol
you input the address of your encoder or
broadcaster and Cutting Room will reach
out to pull your
signal the next step is to input the
streaming endpoint from your zixi setup
if the stream is password protected
you'll need to enter the password here
as well next you'll need to set the
minimum latency by default the latency
is set to 1,000
milliseconds however if you notice
issues with the stream adjusting this
setting to a slightly higher value can
help ensure a smoother transmission the
next option is use as growing live if
you skip this your stream will only work
with The Cutting Room live studio or
module and you won't be able to edit the
live feed directly in the editor next
you'll want to set the time zone this
ensures that we display the correct time
for the live in the players you can
either use the preconfigured shortcuts
or if the stream has an embedded time
zone that doesn't match you can override
it by checking the override time zone
box
if you need to integrate an electronic
program guide or EPG we also support
that if you're using grace note simply
enter the API key image endpoint and
station ID once all this information is
entered click save to complete the SRT
configuration after saving when you
revisit the rtmp settings you'll see
some additional technical options the
first thing you'll notice is the status
which will show as St St this means the
ingest point isn't currently active you
control when it starts and stops which
is important because running it incurs
costs when it's active Hardware is
engaged to receive live signals before
starting the stream you can select the
size we offer four different sizes and
the price scales based on the frame rate
and resolution for most streams micro
size is sufficient but larger sizes are
available if needed once you've selected
your size press start then open your
editor you'll see a video camera icon
click on it and after about 40 seconds
your inest point is ready to receive a
stream when the status changes to live
you're officially Broadcasting
[Music]